So let's look at Knapsack even data for the home screen of app.
We have a hamburger menu on top-left,
a search bar, a 5-pic carousal of new products,
and a product of the day.
Think about what all customers can do on the screen.
Customer can click on the hamburger menu,
customer can search in search bar,
customer can click on new product pictures,
or customer can click on product or the day picture.
Besides that, they will be able to open the app to come to the screen and close the app.
Events that we can track on the screen could be: open_ app,
hamburger_ click, search, new_product_click,
product_of_the _day_click, and close_app.
Once we know what event to be tracked,
we will analyze the data collected around those events.
We had 179 events in last one hour.
Fifty-seven open_app events, 19 close_app events,
47 search events, 22 hamburger_clicks,
30 new_product_clicks, and 4 product_of_ the_day_click.
In last one hour,
125 unique user UUID were tracked for activity.
What this means, 125 users accessed app,
hence there were 125 active users in last one hour.
Most popular and least popular is pretty simple.
Forty-seven users use search,
so search is the most popular feature,
whereas only 4 clicked on product of the day,
so product of the today is the least enticing feature for the customers.
To calculate daily active users,
we need data for 24 hours,
or we need to note this is a two-sample of what data patterns might look like.
In that case, we can extrapolate this data.
One-twenty-five users in one hour,
24 hours in a day,
daily active users will be 125 multiplied by 24.
So that will be around 3,000.
We have 3,000 daily active users.
As a project manager,
you will often run into scenarios where you might have to extrapolate data.
But to calculate session length,
you do need timestamps.
Session length will be time spent by a user in one session on app.
This data cannot be extrapolated.
Data is simply incomplete.
Timestamps are required.